Fix job annotation overwrite (#1612)
redpanda-data/helm-charts: CHANGELOG.md

#### Fixed
#### Removed

### [5.9.15](https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/releases/tag/redpanda-5.9.15) - 2024-11-29
#### Added
#### Changed
#### Fixed

> * ability to overwrite annotation and labels in Job metadata

Reviewer: It seems the current implementation isn't really for overriding, but adding additional labels/annotations that we normally wouldn't set? Basically: https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/blob/05d3182eb9337bf77e3a00ea20efa8cf4d227545/charts/redpanda/values.yaml#L555-L558

If so, then I think the implementation is fine, but this should be something like:

```suggestion
* ability to set additional annotation and labels in Job metadata
```

Author: This change tries to change the `set additional` to `overwrite` even the default one. I will update the `values.yaml` comments.

#### Removed

> * none existent post-upgrade-job values of the none existent resource (removed in 5.9.6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* non-existent post-upgrade-job values of the non-existent resource (removed in 5.9.6)
```
